# Learning English With TED



## Contents



This repository contains materials for studying English.

- TED: transcript and notes of TED speeches (TED演讲稿和笔记)
- Magazines: notes of English magazines like The Economist （杂志精读笔记，以《经济学人》为主）
  - Year 2024：全年精读过316篇《经济学人》文章
  - Year 2025：Keep working
- YouTube: subtitles and notes of YouTube videos （油管视频字幕和笔记）
- Books: learning notes of English books （英文书籍读书笔记）
  - The Worlds I see by Fei-Fei Li （李飞飞自传英文版（正在读））
- Idioms: notes of most common American idioms (1,355 items in total) （常用美式俚语学习笔记）
  - Most Common American Idioms （已学完）
- ChatGPT: For articles generated by OpenAI models.
- Others: notes of blogs.



## Timestamp

[**2025.01.20**] Created a book about American tech history: [From Cotton Gins to Quantum Chips: A Comprehensive History of American Technological Development](https://github.com/shizhengLi/Learning-English-With-TED/tree/main/ChatGPT/A_book_of_American_tech) with the help of OpenAI o1 and o1-mini LLMs. Just for learning English. Its Chinese name is 《美国科技简史：从轧棉机到量子芯片》

[**2025.01.02**] Have carefully read over 310 articles from *The Economist* in 2024.

[**2024.12.11**] Have finished the book: Most Common American Idioms; learned 1355 items.

[**2024.12.04**] Have acquired 1000 American idioms.

[**2024.11.21**] Have learnt 500 American idioms.

[**2024.09.03**] Have thoroughly read 200 articles from *The Economist* between June 13 and September 3, 2024 (two and a half months).

[**2024.04.10**] This project was launched in April 2024.



## Format



Format of TED learning notes

```markdown
# Title

Link:

Speaker:  

Date:

@[toc]

## Introduction

## Vocabulary

## Summary

## Transcript

## Afterword
```





## Acknowledgement

For e-books of The Economist:

[https://github.com/hehonghui/awesome-english-ebooks](https://github.com/hehonghui/awesome-english-ebooks)

[https://github.com/Monkfishare/Calibre](https://github.com/Monkfishare/Calibre)

## Disclaimer

This project does not represent the author's political views and is only used for English learning. 

